Update shortcuts.mdx (#285)
val-town/val-town-docs: src/content/docs/reference/shortcuts.mdx

- `/` to trigger a search within the command menu.
- `ctrl/cmd-click` to go to a val reference or URL
- `ctrl+space` to trigger autocomplete in the code editor

> - `cmd-d` to select every instance of the highlighted text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cmd-d` to select the next instance of the highlighted text with multiple cursors
```
